Chore: Update PR template to ensure design review performed and restructure checklist (#1545)
govuk-one-login/authentication-frontend: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

You can find example PRs from this repository that include screenshots through this search: https://github.com/govuk-one-login/authentication-frontend/pulls?q=is%3Apr+screenshots+is%3Aclosed+is%3Amerged  

Delete this item if the PR does not change the UI.
-->
- [ ] Changes to the user interface have been demonstrated

<!-- Performance analysis

> Make sure that a performance analyst colleague in your team has been informed of any changes to the user interfaces or user journeys.

Reviewer: Hi @mattvot - just wondering if we should say Authentication team here too

Delete this item if the PR does not change any UI or user journeys.
-->
- [ ] Performance analyst has been informed of the change.

<!-- Design review
When a new feature or front end change goes live, ensure that a design review has been performed.

> Contact a UCD colleague in your team to arrange a review.

Author: ```suggestion
Contact a UCD colleague in the Authentication team to arrange a review.
```
